hey how's it going everyone my name is
Ryan a quick video today and today's
video I'll be covering some more
information regarding black ops 3
zombies now this is actually from
Wikipedia and the reason why I'm going
to be talking about this in detail is
because the information I saw about a
week ago has now all been you know
mysteriously vanished so Amy's guys
leave a like you enjoy the video leave
account with your feedback and make sure
to subscribe to the channel those guys
let's hit start with today's video so
what I'm talking about today guys is
zombies beta now a lot of people don't
really believe this they think the
zombies is so secretive and it's so you
know this classified that nothing will
be given out on zombies except for this
week's comic con until the release of
black ops 3 I want to disagree with that
because first of all guys when you do
beta your testing for everything wrong
with the game so many people want to
play zombies a huge majority of the cold
duty fan base is buying this game just
for zombies it'll be kind of silly for
them not to have you know the fan base
test the game before it's released I
don't know how they would do this maybe
like um like a raid kind of round like
you have one minute to kill zombies or
you guys have one room only to play in
they won't give you guys a full map but
maybe give you one little piece of the
pie that is zombies now another reason
why you guys want to talk about this is
because no one North's Wikipedia page no
yes it is Wikipedia page yes anyone can
edit it but it has actually changed on
his video game roster of all of his
video games he's worked in about a week
a week a half ago black ops 3 and the
black ops 3 beta were actually one of
those games listed and in those you know
game genres or those games the
characters in those two games were
Richthofen and then some other people I
talked about a couple weeks ago now in
the black ops 3 beta it's a dr. Edward
Richtofen and that was only character
that has since been removed since some
people sort of making videos about that
so what I'm wondering is did someone at
traer actually delete these because
anyone can edit them or was it just some
fan who didn't want anyone else to know
about this so um I don't have pictures
guys because I really didn't take a
picture of my screen at the time why she
saw it I just never thought I think of
it until you know I saw it today it was
actually gone from the wikipedia page so
I'm sorry about that guys believe your
comments in the comments section below
would
you like to see a beta of some sort for
zombies mode come during August for ps4
and xbox one so thank you all for
watching if you're still watching the
video leave a comment singing advanced
warfare my name is Ryan thank you for
watching a tax time on out peace